OSDOCS#12852: Add the 4.16.26 z-stream RN text into the release notes section (#86010)
openshift/openshift-docs: release_notes/ocp-4-16-release-notes.adoc

For any {product-title} release, always review the instructions on xref:../updating/updating_a_cluster/updating-cluster-web-console.adoc#updating-cluster-web-console[updating your cluster] properly.
====

//4.16.26
[id="ocp-4-16-26_{context}"]
=== RHSA-2024:10823 - {product-title} {product-version}.26 bug fix and security update

Issued: 12 December 2024

{product-title} release {product-version}.26 is now available. The list of bug fixes that are included in the update is documented in the link:https://access.redhat.com/errata/RHSA-2024:10823[RHSA-2024:10823] advisory. The RPM packages that are included in the update are provided by the link:https://access.redhat.com/errata/RHBA-2024:10826[RHBA-2024:10826] advisory.

Space precluded documenting all of the container images for this release in the advisory.

You can view the container images in this release by running the following command:

[source,terminal]
----
$ oc adm release info 4.16.26 --pullspecs
----

[id="ocp-4-16-26-enhancements_{context}"]
==== Enhancements

> * Previously ClusterTasks are listed on the *Pipelines builder* page and on the ClusterTask list page in the *Tasks* navigation menu. Currently, the ClusterTasks are deprecated from Pipelines 1.17 and the ClusterTask dependency is removed from static plug-in. On the *Pipelines builder* page, you will only see the task that is present in the namespace and community tasks. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-45015[*OCPBUGS-45015*])

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Previously, ClusterTasks are listed on the *Pipelines builder* page and the *ClusterTask list* page in the *Tasks* navigation menu. Currently, the ClusterTasks are deprecated from Pipelines 1.17, and the ClusterTask dependency is removed from static plug-in. On the *Pipelines builder* page, only the task that is present in the namespace and community tasks are displayed. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-45015[*OCPBUGS-45015*])
```

> * Previously, ClusterTasks are listed on the *Pipelines builder* page and the *ClusterTask list* page in the *Tasks* navigation menu. Currently, the ClusterTasks are deprecated from Pipelines 1.17, and the ClusterTask dependency is removed from static plug-in. On the *Pipelines builder* page, you will only see the task that is present in the namespace and community tasks are displayed. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-45015[*OCPBUGS-45015*])

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Previously, ClusterTasks were listed on the *Pipelines builder* page and the *ClusterTask list* page in the *Tasks* navigation menu. Currently, the ClusterTasks are deprecated from Pipelines 1.17, and the ClusterTask dependency is removed from static plug-in. On the *Pipelines builder* page, you will only see the task that is present in the namespace and community tasks are displayed. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-45015[*OCPBUGS-45015*])
```

[id="ocp-4-16-26-bug-fixes_{context}"]
==== Bug fixes

* Previously, when you used the Agent-based Installer to install a cluster on a node that had an incorrect date, the cluster installation failed. With this release, a patch is applied to the Agent-based Installer live ISO time synchronization. The patch configures the `/etc/chrony.conf` file with the list of additional Network Time Protocol (NTP) servers, so that you can set any of these additional NTP servers in the `agent-config.yaml` without experiencing a cluster installation issue. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-45181[*OOCPBUGS-45181*])

> * Previously, when using a custom template, you could not enter multi-line parameters, such as private keys. With this release, you can switch between single-line and multi-line modes and you can complete the template fields with multi-line input. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-45124[*OOCPBUGS-45124*])

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Previously, when you used a custom template, you could not enter multi-line parameters, such as private keys. With this release, you can switch between single-line and multi-line modes and you can complete the template fields with multi-line input. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-45124[*OOCPBUGS-45124*])
```

> * Previously, up to {product-title} 4.15, the user had the option to close the *Getting started with resources* section. After {product-title} 4.15, the *Getting started with resources* section converted to an expandable section, and the user did not have the option to close the section. With this release, you can close the *Getting started with resources* section. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-45181[*OOCPBUGS-45181*])

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Previously, up to {product-title} 4.15, you had the option to close the *Getting started with resources* section. After {product-title} 4.15, the *Getting started with resources* section converted to an expandable section, and you did not have a way to close the section. With this release, you can close the *Getting started with resources* section. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-45181[*OOCPBUGS-45181*])
```

> * Previously, when you selected the `start lastrun` option in the Red Hat {product-title} *Edit BuildConfig* page, an error prevented the `lastrun` operation from running. With this release, a fix ensures that the `start lastrun` option successfully completes. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-44875[*OOCPBUGS-44875*])

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Previously in Red{nbsp}Hat {product-title}, when you selected the `start lastrun` option on the *Edit BuildConfig* page, an error prevented the `lastrun` operation from running. With this release, a fix ensures that the `start lastrun` option successfully completes. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-44875[*OOCPBUGS-44875*])
```
